Update cert-manager docs for v1.13.1 (#924)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/resources/upgrade-cert-manager.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/resources/upgrade-cert-manager"/>
</head>

Rancher is compatible with the API version cert-manager.io/v1 and was last tested with cert-manager version v1.13.1

> 

Author: This line needs to be translated and added to the international docs

> Rancher is compatible with the API version cert-manager.io/v1 and has been last tested with cert-manager version v1.13.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher is compatible with the API version cert-manager.io/v1 and was last tested with cert-manager version v1.13.1
```

    helm install \
      cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager \
      --namespace cert-manager \

>       --version v1.13.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Couldn't include it in the suggestion, but the `\` in `--namespace cert-manager \` needs to be dropped too.

1. Fetch the latest cert-manager chart available from the [Helm chart repository](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/cert-manager/cert-manager).

    ```plain

>     helm fetch jetstack/cert-manager --version v1.13.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    helm fetch jetstack/cert-manager
```
